c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.xr.xml
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.exe
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.pdb
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.exe
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.pdb
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\MenuPage.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\MenuPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\MenuPage.g.cs
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\MenuPage.xaml
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\MenuPage.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\bin\Debug\DiningHalls.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\DiningHalls.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\DiningHalls.g.cs
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\DiningHalls.xaml
C:\Users\abornst\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\DiningHalls.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles\JumpList.g.i.cs
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles\JumpList.g.cs
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles\JumpList.xaml
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\Assets\Styles\JumpList.xbf
C:\Users\abornst\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\GoucherDiningAppPOC1\obj\Debug\GoucherDiningAppPOC1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
